Add Prometheus Configurator docs (NR-55439) (#9792)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/prometheus-integrations/install-configure-prometheus-agent/troubleshooting-guide.mdx

---
title: Troubleshooting guide for the Prometheus agent
tags:
  - Integrations
  - Prometheus integrations
  - Install and configure Prometheus agent
metaDescription: Troubleshooting guide for the Prometheus agent
---

## Get verbose logs [#verbose-logs]

You can enable verbose logs in the `newrelic-prometheus-agent` chart by setting the `verboseLog` or `global.verboseLog` variables to `true`.

Once this has been updated on the values files, run the following helm upgrade command:

```bash
helm upgrade <RELEASE_NAME> newrelic-prometheus-configurator/newrelic-prometheus-agent \
--namespace <NEWRELIC_NAMESPACE> \
-f values-newrelic.yaml \
[--version fixed-chart-version]
```

## Not seeing metrics for a target [#target-with-no-metrics]

You need, at least, one `job` that is discovering the target in Kubernetes that matches the filter specified, or the target should be listed as `static_target`.

If you're using the default configuration on Kubernetes, check that your pod or service has the `prometheus.io/scrape=true` annotation.

## Check up metric status [#up-metrics]

> Every target scrape generates the `up` metric with the all target metrics. If scraping is successful, this metrics have `1` as a value. If it's not successful, their value is `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every target scrape generates the `up` metric. If scraping is successful, these metrics have `1` as a value. If it's not successful, their value is `0`.
```
